the essence of the character is rooted
in her confidence
so when Jessica enters a room for
instance she owns everything and every
person in that room
you try okay right
well he's not mad at them try it again
he owns it
he owns the room it is his he owns owns
owns the room he owns it alright it's a
little weird but it's getting better
well I'm gonna miss this woman so much I
I don't know what I'm gonna do him it's
been 20 years of my life hey hey maybe
maybe maybe this is a good thing you
know
you know it'll give you a chance to
shake things up play different
characters you're so talented I probably
should have just left years ago when the
office we're pouring in but you know I
just get so comfy here and I turned on
some amazing work like like what well
let's just say if I left 15 years ago
the landscape of Mexican cinema look
very different today Wow but well now
how's a different time for me oh hey
come on don't don't do this um look uh
let me tell you something okay now when
I watch you do a scene I'm thinking boy
she she is a great actress huh but but
I'm also thinking she is hot
did you think I'm hot
you own the room but we should probably
you can't get that oh yeah yeah we
should get so when Jessica kisses a man
she usually puts um both her hands on
the man's face yeah I notice that is
that cuz she's so passionate no it's
because that way the camera only sees
her you want to try it yeah
that was good that was really good but I
think that maybe your hands are just a
little off they should be maybe like
right like hell you certainly own that
room
actually I rent the whole place and I
just got what you meant thank you hey oh
my god my apartment I am such a huge fan
I am such a huge fan well it's nice to
know that I know I got God that's my
roommate Rachel oh that explains all the
women's underwear
sure oh my god it's true
Oh can I just ask you to me oh just one
favor certainly would you slap me we
just love me right here in the face
I'd love to but my lawyer said I can't
do that anymore all right here we go
okay um
you're a stupid bitch I really can't
slap oh great I need to stop by oh I am
so sorry no no no being adored I'm used
to it don't worry oh my god what they
sent me today's script they never sent
me the script they don't well no I'm
just in a coma this must mean I have
lines Oh
how does it happen
you get thrown from a horse into an
electric fence what Jessica hates horses
yeah well I'm guessing after this she's
not gonna be crazy about electricity
either